DOCS-12571: LLMObs CrewAI guide (#32798)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/guide/crewai_guide.md

---
title: Using the Datadog-CrewAI integration for LLM Observability
---

> This guide demonstrates how to integrate LLM Observability with [CrewAI][1] using [auto-instrumentation][2], including how submit LLM Observability traces to Datadog and view your CrewAI agent runs in Datadog's [Agentic Execution View][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to integrate LLM Observability with [CrewAI][1] using [auto-instrumentation][2]. This also includes how to submit LLM Observability traces to Datadog and view your CrewAI agent runs in Datadog's [Agentic Execution View][3].
```

## Getting started

### Install dependencies

```shell 
pip install ddtrace crewai crewai-tools
```

### Set environment variables

If you do not have a Datadog API key, create an account and [get your API key][4].

You also need to specify an _ML application name_ in the following environment variables. An ML application is a grouping of LLM Observability traces associated with a specific LLM-based application. See [Application naming guidelines][5] for more information on limitations with ML application names.

```shell 
export DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_DD_API_KEY>
export DD_SITE=<YOUR_DD_SITE>
export DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=true
export DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME>
export DD_LLMOBS_AGENTLESS_ENABLED=true
export DD_APM_TRACING_ENABLED=false
```

Additionally, configure any LLM provider API keys:

```shell 
export OPENAI_API_KEY=<YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY>
export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=<YOUR_ANTHROPIC_API_KEY>
export GEMINI_API_KEY=<YOUR_GEMINI_API_KEY>
...
```

### Create a CrewAI agent application

> ```python 

Reviewer: Add another intro to the code example:

```suggestion
### Create a CrewAI agent application

The following example creates a CrewAI agent to solve a simple problem:

```python 
```
